=MapRoutes

MapRoutes is a set of Objective-C classes that simplifies drawing and placing routes in an MKMapView. MapRoutes is designed to work with iPhone OS 3.2 and higher.

These classes provide a framework for easily adding routes and takes care of cropping, positioning, and toggling the route's visibility when zooming/panning.

==Classes

• MapRoutesViewController - The view controller which sets up the MKMapView, the FMapRoute, and FMapRouteLine. Also acts as an MKMapViewDelegate to tell the route when the map region has been updated and to provide the view for the route annotation. 

• FMapRoute - This class adopts the MKAnnotation protocol and extends MKAnnotationView. The FMapRoute does not perform the line drawing itself, but instead needs an instance of FMapRouteLine to be set as its lineView. FMapRoute is an MKAnnotationView so that it can handle the placement of the FMapRouteLine as a subview. 

• FMapRouteLine - Base class for drawing and styling the line for the route. Subclass this method and override the drawRect: method to implement custom line drawing. 

• FMapRouteDottedLine - An example subclass of FMapRouteLine which draws a dotted line instead of a solid line. 

==Example Usage
	
	- (void)viewDidLoad {

		// create map view
		_map = [[MKMapView alloc] initWithFrame:CGRectMake(0, 0, 320, 480)];
		[_map setMapType:MKMapTypeSatellite];
		[_map setShowsUserLocation:YES];
		[_map setDelegate:self];
		[self setView:_map];

		// create points
		_points = [[NSMutableArray alloc] init];

		// glendale
		CLLocation* loc = [[CLLocation alloc] initWithLatitude:39.706835 longitude:-104.93093];
		[_points addObject:loc];
		[loc release];

		// the office
		loc = [[CLLocation alloc] initWithLatitude:39.718903 longitude:-104.95326];
		[_points addObject:loc];
		[loc release];

		// mile-high stadium
		loc = [[CLLocation alloc] initWithLatitude:39.744511 longitude:-105.020699];
		[_points addObject:loc];
		[loc release];


		// create route annotation and init
		_route = [[[FMapRoute alloc] initWithPoints:_points andFrame:CGRectMake(0, 0, 320, 480)] autorelease];
		[_map addAnnotation:_route];


		/* uncomment to see a basic line style
		FMapRouteLine *line = [[FMapRouteLine alloc] initWithRoute:_route withMap:_map];
		[line setColor:[UIColor redColor]];
		 */

		// add a dotted line 
		FMapRouteDottedLine *line = [[FMapRouteDottedLine alloc] initWithRoute:_route withMap:_map];

		// assign the view that draws the line to the route
		[_route setLineView:line];

		[line release];

		// center on the region
		[_map setRegion:[_route region]];

	    [super viewDidLoad];
	}